;; -*- mode: emacs-lisp; lexical-binding: t -*-

(defun dotspacemacs/layers ()
  "Layer configuration:
This function should only modify configuration layer settings."
  (setq-default
   dotspacemacs-distribution 'spacemacs
   dotspacemacs-enable-lazy-installation 'unused
   dotspacemacs-ask-for-lazy-installation t
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '()

   dotspacemacs-configuration-layers
   '(auto-completion
     common-lisp
     emacs-lisp
     helm
     multiple-cursors
     treemacs)

   dotspacemacs-additional-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-frozen-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()

   dotspacemacs-install-packages 'used-only))

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  "Initialization:
This function is called at the very beginning of Spacemacs startup,
before layer configuration.
It should only modify the values of Spacemacs settings."
  (setq-default
   dotspacemacs-enable-emacs-pdumper nil
   dotspacemacs-emacs-pdumper-executable-file "emacs"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-dumper-dump-file (format "spacemacs-%s.pdmp" emacs-version)
   dotspacemacs-elpa-https t
   dotspacemacs-elpa-timeout 5
   dotspacemacs-gc-cons '(100000000 0.1)
   dotspacemacs-read-process-output-max (* 1024 1024)
   dotspacemacs-use-spacelpa nil
   dotspacemacs-verify-spacelpa-archives t
   dotspacemacs-check-for-update nil
   dotspacemacs-elpa-subdirectory 'emacs-version
   dotspacemacs-editing-style 'vim
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-show-version t
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner 'official
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner-scale 'auto
   dotspacemacs-startup-lists '((recents . 5)
                                (projects . 7))
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-responsive t
   dotspacemacs-show-startup-list-numbers t
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-multi-digit-delay 0.4
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-show-icons nil
   dotspacemacs-new-empty-buffer-major-mode 'text-mode
   dotspacemacs-scratch-mode 'text-mode
   dotspacemacs-scratch-buffer-persistent nil
   dotspacemacs-scratch-buffer-unkillable nil
   dotspacemacs-initial-scratch-message nil
   dotspacemacs-themes '(spacemacs-light
                         spacemacs-dark)
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-theme '(spacemacs :separator wave :separator-scale 1.5)
   dotspacemacs-colorize-cursor-according-to-state t
   dotspacemacs-default-font '("Source Code Pro"
                               :size 10.0
                               :weight normal
                               :width normal)
   dotspacemacs-leader-key "SPC"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-command-key "SPC"
   dotspacemacs-ex-command-key ":"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-leader-key "M-m"
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-leader-key ","
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-emacs-leader-key (if window-system "<M-return>" "C-M-m")
   dotspacemacs-distinguish-gui-tab nil
   dotspacemacs-default-layout-name "Default"
   dotspacemacs-display-default-layout nil
   dotspacemacs-auto-resume-layouts nil
   dotspacemacs-auto-generate-layout-names nil
   dotspacemacs-large-file-size 1
   dotspacemacs-auto-save-file-location 'cache
   dotspacemacs-max-rollback-slots 5
   dotspacemacs-enable-paste-transient-state nil
   dotspacemacs-which-key-delay 0.4
   dotspacemacs-which-key-position 'bottom
   dotspacemacs-switch-to-buffer-prefers-purpose nil
   dotspacemacs-loading-progress-bar t
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup nil
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-use-non-native nil
   dotspacemacs-maximized-at-startup nil
   dotspacemacs-undecorated-at-startup nil
   dotspacemacs-active-transparency 90
   dotspacemacs-inactive-transparency 90
   dotspacemacs-show-transient-state-title t
   dotspacemacs-show-transient-state-color-guide t
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols t
   dotspacemacs-smooth-scrolling t
   dotspacemacs-scroll-bar-while-scrolling t
   dotspacemacs-line-numbers nil
   dotspacemacs-folding-method 'evil
   dotspacemacs-smartparens-strict-mode nil
   dotspacemacs-activate-smartparens-mode t
   dotspacemacs-smart-closing-parenthesis nil
   dotspacemacs-highlight-delimiters 'all
   dotspacemacs-enable-server nil
   dotspacemacs-server-socket-dir nil
   dotspacemacs-persistent-server nil
   dotspacemacs-search-tools '("rg" "ag" "pt" "ack" "grep")
   dotspacemacs-frame-title-format "%I@%S"
   dotspacemacs-icon-title-format nil
   dotspacemacs-show-trailing-whitespace t
   dotspacemacs-whitespace-cleanup nil
   dotspacemacs-use-clean-aindent-mode t
   dotspacemacs-use-SPC-as-y nil
   dotspacemacs-swap-number-row nil
   dotspacemacs-zone-out-when-idle nil
   dotspacemacs-pretty-docs nil
   dotspacemacs-home-shorten-agenda-source nil
   dotspacemacs-byte-compile nil))

(defun dotspacemacs/user-env ()
  "Environment variables setup.
This function defines the environment variables for your Emacs session. By
default it calls `spacemacs/load-spacemacs-env' which loads the environment
variables declared in `~/.spacemacs.env' or `~/.spacemacs.d/.spacemacs.env'.
See the header of this file for more information."
  (spacemacs/load-spacemacs-env)
)

(defun dotspacemacs/user-init ()
  "Initialization for user code:
This function is called immediately after `dotspacemacs/init', before layer
configuration.
It is mostly for variables that should be set before packages are loaded.
If you are unsure, try setting them in `dotspacemacs/user-config' first."
)


(defun dotspacemacs/user-load ()
  "Library to load while dumping.
This function is called only while dumping Spacemacs configuration. You can
`require' or `load' the libraries of your choice that will be included in the
dump."
)


(defun dotspacemacs/user-config ()
  "Configuration for user code:
This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs startup, after layer
configuration.
Put your configuration code here, except for variables that should be set
before packages are loaded."
  (spacemacs/toggle-evil-safe-lisp-structural-editing-on-register-hook-common-lisp-mode))


;; Do not write anything past this comment. This is where Emacs will
;; auto-generate custom variable definitions.
